It all started when I went to
where I usually go to play...
I found something.
That's one big goblin!
Listen up, kid. Don't mix me
up with some damned goblins.
My name's not "kid"! It's Komekko.
Whatcha doing, Mr. Not-Goblin?
Mr. Not-Goblin?
All right, runt, I'm the Dark God Wolbach's
right-hand man, the high-level demon, Host!
Remember the name.
So cool!
Y-Yeah? You think so?
I like the cut of your jib, kid.
Thank you very much!
Watch it there. I need that to undo
the seal on Lady Wolbach's... eh?
Whoa, are you kidding me?
Here!
Hell yeah!
Hey, Komekko. Good to see you again.
Did you bring what I asked for?
Yep! Here's the offering.
Nice! Well done. I knew you had it in you.
What the hell is this?
Sacrificial chicken, egg, and rice!
I got it from that stalker guy.
Wait!
Stupid! There's no way you
can break a seal with a lunch.
It's gotta follow the inscription:
you need a hen and its chick!
Maybe I'm better off grabbing it myself...
I'm home!
Welcome home, Sis!
You caught something?
Yep! A big one.
Look! A fierce ebon beast that I
felled after a battle to the death!
Wanna eat it?
Episode 5: Prelude to an Explosion of Madness
Ko... Komekko!
K-K-K-K-K-K-K-Kome... Komekko is...!
M-M-M-M-Megumin, calm down!
Just c-c-calm down for a sec!
There is no way that my sister,
clever and tough as she is,
became a monster's meal that easily!
Komekko!
Sh-She's done for. We should give up.
We'll need to make a grave for her so that
her noble sacrifice is never forgotten.
Don't worry. She'll never truly be gone.
Yes, she'll live on inside my heart forever.
She's still alive!
Open your eyes a sec!
Because she's still alive!
Aren't you giving up a little too soon?!
I'm not sure what's going on,
but this is our chance!
We should escape from
here and find my sister!
Hang on!
Please, can we at least try and save Inky?!
At a time like this?!
Are you kidding me?!
Megumin!
Oh, of all the annoying...
Hey!
Take that cat and incur the
wrath of my little sister,
who's waiting for it to get
some meat on its bones.
Now, you bear witness to
my projectile combat!
I didn't anticipate that they would
have a shield of wind around them...
They don't! That was pretty clearly
just you having lousy throw control!
Inky!
She must have been a
servant from the heavens.
She's simply returned from whence she came.
That's why we shouldn't cry,
but instead, bid her a warm farewell.
Please don't make up weird
justifications for abandoning Inky!
What are we gonna do now?
We'll address the missing Ink later.
Komekko is the priority here.
Despite how she might seem,
my little sister is made of hardy stuff,
and she has a good head on her shoulders.
I'm sure she's out there somewhere.
Y-You're right...
Can you think of anywhere she might go?
Places she'd go...
I found a toy, too,
so I've been playing with it!
You wanna try?
A toy?
I figured it out!
I hate that I have, but I did!
Come on, Megumin, she can't possibly have...
Gimme my food back!
How in the world did this happen?
What do you think Komekko is doing?
I think she's trying to take Ink back.
I believe that's a threatening posture.
I don't know where to start here!
She's picking a fight
with a pack of monsters!
And she's not even a little afraid!
If anything, they seem scared of her!
It seems my little sister may,
in fact, be a big deal.
Come on, Megumin!
There's no time.
I had hoped to avoid
resorting to this, but...
Your adventurer card?
A-A genius of my caliber should be
able to hunt monsters with ease,
earning enough points again in no time.
No matter how long it takes...
Even if it takes decades...
I can still learn explosion magic!
It's fine... I can just start over...
You're shaking, you know.
Having a hard time letting go, right?
Lightning!
Komekko!
Yunyun?
I'll save Inky, too!
Hurry and find the adults!
Yunyun was pretty great back there, huh?
That lightning was like "whammo"!
Indeed she was.
Very impressive.
Although it bothers me how I've
been surpassed by Yunyun.
I'm so used to the sight of her cowering...
Lightning is intermediate magic.
And now Yunyun has learned it.
She'll graduate school now.
Which means she no longer has a source
of valuable skill-up potions.
For her to learn advanced magic, from now on,
she'll have to engage in combat
against monsters to level up.
My rival is going to be treated like
an intermediate-skilled underachiever
in the foreseeable future,
in spite of her diligence as the chief's
daughter, and all of her academic excellence.
Sis? Are you crying?
I am not! I'm just so angry that my
magic power is flowing from my eyes!
What's up, Sis? You tired of running?
Komekko, do you love your big sister?
Yeah!
Even if I can't learn the ultimate magic?
Even if I can't be the
strongest big sister ever?
I can become the strongest
instead, so it's okay!
Listen closely! You need to stay
at my side the whole time!
Got it!
Do not go after the monsters
who've caught Ink!
I'll make sure to get her back!
Understood?
Got it!
I'll try my best.
You can't just try!
You have to promise not to go after them!
Got it!
Blade of Wind!
Inky!
Well, this is no good.
It looks like Yunyun can
handle them all by herself.
Is that a bad thing?
It is! It'd make a total waste of the
resolve I gathered to turn around...
Okay! Now I can pay her back!
I am called Komekko!
Watcher of the house, and the Crimson
Demon's foremost lovable li'l sis!
Komekko?!
Komekko!
Wh-What is wrong with you?!
Did you seriously just try to steal your
sister's brightest spotlight ever?!
I'm not sorry!
K-Komekko...
What are you two even doing
here? I thought you ran!
It should be obvious that I would never
flee in debt to my self-proclaimed rival.
Could you please put less emphasis
on the "self-proclaimed" part?!
Besides, I'm already a real mage
who's learned real magic!
Lightning!
I'm not a pending-in-parentheses
mage like you!
Pending-in-parentheses?!
Blade of Wind!
A bold statement from someone
using intermediate magic!
Don't say that! It makes me sound
like a failure of a Crimson Demon!
Fireball!
Now you won't need to learn magic, Megumin.
This girl is unbelievable.
Didn't you lecture me about
not learning explosion magic?
What made you change your mind?
I-I haven't, exactly.
I still don't think learning
explosion magic is a good idea,
but giving up on your dream because
of this mess would be a little sad...
Hey, you're alive, ebon magical beast!
B-Besides, you're in my debt since I
learned intermediate magic to save you!
They hurt you?
It'd be a waste if you
paid me back right away.
This proves you survived the
deathmatch for a reason!
You've never owed me one before.
I'm pretty sure any debts
I've incurred will be squared
after I haul your immobile self back home.
Come on, Megumin! I learned
intermediate magic to help you!
Calling it even after something
like that is no fair!
Never satisfied, are you?
I could leave you here, at the mercy
of whatever other monsters come by.
By helping you avoid that fate, I do
believe I've saved your life, Yunyun.
You're just twisting things to suit you!
I risked my life to stand up
to those monsters, but you...
Sis!
What? Why are there so many?!
Could it be they're attracted
to my immense magical power?
I get it.
The adults and our teachers
are herding them this way.
Once they're all in one place,
they'll blow them all away.
There's no one around here, so they can let
loose with really powerful advanced magic.
But we're here!
They don't know that.
Yunyun, this is your big chance
to say that famous line.
"Leave me behind, and go on ahead."
I won't stop you.
D-Don't leave me!
You were the one who said it!
We're not even until you get me safely home!
Well, I regret saying it now.
Is it you?
I've only been attacked by
monsters when Ink was with me.
Komekko was playing with the puzzle—er,
the fragments that kept
the Dark God sealed away.
Not only that, but the appearance
of the Dark God's minions
matches the timing of Ink's arrival.
What's wrong?
My head is killing me!
My brain is trying to keep me from thinking
any further, as a self-defense mechanism!
This is really not the time
for escaping reality!
Sis, look at all that chicken!
Let's catch a whole bunch and take it home!
Oh, no. This is really bad, isn't it?
Yunyun can't move anymore.
I'll have to learn magic so we can escape.
Yunyun, please stay with Komekko.
Sis, what's wrong?
Your eyes are redder than usual.
Megumin!
I've never used magic before,
but my Crimson Demon instincts let me
understand how it flows through my body.
It's okay. I know what I have
to do, and I won't regret it.
I can do this!
I've got plenty of skill points.
For advanced magic...
Maybe Crimson Laser or Light of Saber.
Or maybe...
Wh-What's wrong?
Megumin, have you actually
lost it this time?
"Megumin found tonight's dinner!"
My sister snapped!
Yunyun! Komekko!
Keep your heads low, and brace yourselves!
Utilizing all skill points!
She's crackling! And popping!
M-M-M-Megumin, what is this? What's going on?
That doesn't usually happen!
Wait, did you—
The magic that I've been seeking for so long,
despite knowing how foolhardy it was.
This incantation, which I've practiced every
day since I learned it all those years ago!
The sparks of genesis.
The embers of oblivion.
Past, present, and future,
a forbidden force that
subsumes all creation.
Flame, I am become destruction,
without mercy.
By my blood, by my flesh,
the commandments set by the
old gods are now shattered.
I am called Megumin.
Foremost prodigy among Crimson Demons,
and master of explosion magic.
The sorcery I have single-mindedly
sought for so long is now mine!
I will never forget this day!
Heavens! Earth!
You will never forget my name!
I am called Megumin!
Foremost prodigy among Crimson Demons,
and master of explosion magic!
Behold my power!
Explosion!
This is it!
This is what I wanted to see!
What an explosion! What power!
What a feeling... of satisfaction...
She blew up all the chickens!
The adults who saw the
explosion rushed over to us,
and it was apparently quite the commotion.
After all, what they saw was me
and the chief's daughter collapsed,
with Komekko and Ink standing
watch, as if to protect us.
Megumin, what're you gonna do?!
It's supposed to be a goddess of vengeance
and domination with a forgotten name!
They said the seal on her has been
broken because of that explosion!
The one you fired off!
No one knows where she is!
What're you gonna do?!
The adults of the village, understandably,
Seriously, what?!
didn't believe that Komekko was
the one to break the seal.
Come on, say something, would you?!
And they don't know that I've
mastered explosion magic, either.
Megumin! Are you listening?!
Do you seriously not care?!
Please, Megumin!
Well, that was quite an ordeal.
Megumin, you need to buy your
sister some actual toys.
I think I'll tell your fortune today.
The town of rookie adventurers, Axel.
After enduring many hardships, you will
encounter wonderful new friends there.
They are very capable and...
Capable? Huh?
Woop.
What was that?! What did you see?!
And, since we had learned magic,
we were told to come to school that weekend,
as we would be graduating by ourselves.
Megumin... congratulations on graduating.
Congratulations to me, too.
I have no idea what you're crying about.
All they did was hand us a slip of
paper and tell us not to come back.
Don't be mean! It's their way
of saying we did a good job.
Sure, sure.
So, Megumin, what are you going to do now?
Isn't it obvious? Now that I've
mastered explosion magic,
I need to depart on a journey to make
the world aware of my supremacy!
A journey?
Granted, before that happens, I'll need
to save enough money to actually leave.
She really is an impertinent one, isn't she?
Aren't kittens supposed to
be more cute than bold?
Are you going to keep her
at your house, Megumin?
I don't know if that's wise.
There's no telling when Komekko
might make a meal of her.
But abandoning her feels wrong...
I know! Maybe you should form a pact
to really make her your familiar?
Even Komekko wouldn't eat her then.
A familiar?
I do like the idea of a mage
with a dark god as a servant.
Dark... Wait, what?
I was just saying making her
my familiar was a good idea.
Yes, and if she's to be my familiar,
she'll need a proper name.
Is... Ink not her name officially?
Of course not!
I'd feel sorry for her if she was stuck
with such a bizarre, unfashionable name.
It's bizarre and unfashionable?
But, look, I think she
likes her current name...
I've got it!
Y-You know she's a female, right, Megumin?
So maybe keep that in mind,
and go with a cute—
Your name is Chomusuke!
Yes, Chomusuke it is!
Next Episode Preview
Episode 6: "The Raison D'être of an Explosive NEET"
Big trouble, Megumin!
We worked so hard to graduate, but now
have to spend every day job hunting!
Society just doesn't know what to do
with someone of my massive talents!
But I know exactly how to make some money.
I'll sell Chomusuke at a high price!
Y-You better not!
N-Next time, we'll spice up
your bed time with an...
Explosion.